Let's take a closer look
at what documents are
and how they're used to store
data in a structured way.
A document is a way to
organize and store data
as a set of field-value pairs.
Just like this, where the
field is a unique identifier
for some data
point, and the value
is data related to
a given identifier.
In this example,
there is a field name,
and the value is Lakshmi.
We will look closer at
documents and their structures
once we get our hands
on an actual data set.
But for now, this is a
simple example of a document.
A collection would contain many
documents similar to this one.
And a database would contain
multiple collections.
In this lesson, we defined
what document and collection
mean in MongoDB.
In the next chapters, we will
start querying collections
for documents and interact
with the database in general.